PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
WELCOME HOME.
[CHUCKLING]
Thinking: IF THIS HAS ANYTHING
TO DO WITH ANCIENT EVIL FORCES
TRYING TO DESTROY THE WORLD,
THEN IT'S GOT TO BE
ABOUT MORE THAN JUST GETTING
A FEW GOOD DUEL MONSTER'S CARDS.
I KNOW IT!
Thinking: THANKS
TO MY MILLENNIUM ROD,
YUGI'S CLOSEST FRIENDS
ARE ALREADY MY MIND SLAVES.
ONCE I TURN THEM AGAINST HIM,
YUGI WILL SURRENDER
EVERYTHING HE HAS TO ME.
THE RARE HUNTERS' HIDEOUT.
IT'S JUST UP AHEAD.
BEGIN OUR DESCENT
IMMEDIATELY.
NOT TO WORRY, MY FRIENDS.
Thinking: I PROMISE
I'LL SET YOU FREE.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAMES ♪
♪ IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪
EVERYTHING IS
IN PLACE.
KAIBA
AND LITTLE YUGI
SHOULD BE
ARRIVING MOMENTARILY
WITH THE HOPELESS
PLAN OF RESCUING
YOU TWO.
HOWEVER,
WITH BOTH OF YOU
AS MY MIND SLAVES,
THEY'LL HAVE
NO CHOICE BUT
TO PLAY BY MY RULES.
THEIR EGYPTIAN
GOD CARDS
AND YUGI'S PUZZLE
WILL BE MINE
FOR THE TAKING.
AND SOON, I'LL RULE
THE WHOLE WORLD.
ISN'T THAT RIGHT,
MY FRIENDS?
[LAUGHING
SINISTERLY]
YOU'RE SO QUIET,
ALMOST AS IF
YOU DON'T HAVE
MINDS OF YOUR OWN.
Thinking: WHEN
LITTLE YUGI SEES
HIS BEST FRIENDS
IN MY CONTROL,
HE'LL HAVE NO CHOICE
BUT TO OBEY ME.
MASTER MARIK,
I BEG
YOUR PARDON.
WHAT NOW?
AS YOU
REQUESTED, SIR,
I'VE SECURED
12 LOCATOR CARDS FOR
THE BATTLE CITY
FINALS.
EXCELLENT, ODION.
YOU'VE DONE WELL.
NOW WE BOTH QUALIFY TO
PARTICIPATE IN THE FINALS
IF WE NEED TO.
HOPEFULLY, THAT
WON'T BE REQUIRED,
IN WHICH CASE YOU'VE WASTED
A GREAT DEAL OF TIME.
BUT HAND THEM OVER
ANYWAY.
ENTERING THE FINALS
MAY BE NECESSARY
IF TODAY'S PLAN FAILS.
IT'S A PRIVILEGE
TO SERVE YOU.
I ALWAYS HAVE
A BACKUP PLAN
TO ENSURE
THAT I GET WHAT I WANT.
BUT TODAY'S SETUP
SEEMS FOOLPROOF.
NOW HAND MY SERVANT
THE DECK WE'VE PREPARED
FOR HIM, ODION.
YES, MASTER.
WHEN YUGI IS FORCED
TO BATTLE
AGAINST HIS BRAINWASHED
BEST FRIEND,
HE'S SURE TO LOSE
IT ALL. HA HA!
REPLACING
HIS PATHETIC DECK
WITH AN UNSTOPPABLE
ASSORTMENT OF EXTREMELY
RARE MAGIC CARDS
WAS AN EXCELLENT IDEA,
MASTER MARIK.
[CHUCKLES]
THIS IS MY MOST
INGENIOUS SCHEME YET.
I TOOK THE THINGS THAT MEAN
THE MOST TO YUGI--HIS FRIENDS.
Odion: BRILLIANT
PLAN, MASTER.
Marik: I KNOW.
NOW COME AND FIND
ME, LITTLE YUGI,
FOR THE LAST DUEL
YOU'LL EVER FIGHT.
AS SOON AS WE LAND,
MOKUBA WILL LEAD
US TO MY FRIENDS.
WE'LL BREAK IN
AND GET THEM OUT.
LOOK, YUGI,
I BROUGHT YOU HERE,
AND I'LL BE CALLING
ALL THE SHOTS TODAY.
AND THE FIRST TASK
ON MY AGENDA
IS TO TRACK DOWN
THE THIRD
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
AFTER THAT, WE'LL
FIND YOUR FRIENDS.
KAIBA, JOEY AND TEA
ARE IN GREAT DANGER
AND WE MUST RESCUE
THEM RIGHT AWAY.
SORRY. BUT IT'S OBVIOUS
THAT YOU AND I HAVE VERY
DIFFERENT PRIORITIES, YUGI.
SO WHY DON'T WE
SPLIT UP AND FEND FOR
OURSELVES WHEN WE LAND?
THAT'S FOOLISH.
MAYBE IT IS TO YOU,
BUT I'VE ALWAYS WORKED
MUCH BETTER ON MY OWN.
HAVEN'T YOU REALIZED BY NOW
THAT TEAMWORK'S
NOT MY THING?
WHEN WE BATTLED
AGAINST LUMIS AND UMBRA
IN THAT DOUBLE DUEL, IT
WAS ME WHO DEFEATED THEM
AND WITHOUT MUCH HELP.
SO DO ME A FAVOR
AND STAY
OUT OF MY WAY, YUGI,
BECAUSE WE'RE FINISHED.
I BROUGHT YOU HERE.
NOW YOU CAN TAKE CARE
OF THE REST BY YOURSELF.
I'VE DONE ENOUGH
CHARITY WORK ALREADY.
SORRY. I'M THROUGH.
Thinking: THEN I'LL SAVE
MY FRIENDS WITHOUT KAIBA'S HELP.
Man: WE'RE APPROACHING
OUR TARGET NOW, MR. KAIBA.
HEY, GUYS, I THINK I
SEE SOMEONE ON THE PIER.
AND IT KIND OF
LOOKS LIKE JOEY.
OH! IT IS JOEY.
AND HE SEEMS
TO BE ALL ALONE.
Marik: GET READY,
MY MIND SLAVE.
THE FUN IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
KAIBA, WE MAY BE
HEADING INTO A TRAP.
YUGI, PLEASE.
I'VE HEARD ENOUGH
OUT OF YOU FOR ONE DAY.
Marik: ALL RIGHT,
LITTLE YUGI.
THIS IS IT.
WHEN THAT FOOL
REALIZES I'VE TURNED HIS
BEST FRIEND AGAINST HIM,
HE'LL BE COMPLETELY
DEVASTATED.
[MARIK CACKLES]
YUGI, IT'S OVER FOR YOU.
[DISTORTED VOICE]
WELCOME.
JOEY!
NOT EXACTLY.
JOEY IS NOT PRESENT.
HE'S GONE AWAY.
IT'S MARIK.
THAT'S CORRECT.
AND IF YOU WANT YOUR FRIENDS
BACK, YOU WILL LISTEN TO ME.
WHAT'S GOING ON? THAT SURE
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE JOEY.
IT MUST BE ONE
OF MARIK'S TRICKS.
LISTEN, JOEY, YOU'VE GOT
TO BE IN THERE.
IT'S POINTLESS.
NOW, YOU LISTEN, YUGI.
WE ARE PLAYING
BY MY REGULATIONS.
I'LL RELEASE
YOUR PATHETIC FRIENDS
AS SOON AS I
GET WHAT I WANT.
OF COURSE, SINCE I WANT YOUR
PUZZLE AND EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
THERE'S ONLY
ONE WAY TO DO THIS.
YOU AND I ARE GOING TO DUEL.
YOU'RE INSANE!
REFUSE AND YOUR FRIENDS
ARE MINE FOREVER!
RELEASE JOEY FROM
YOUR CONTROL, MARIK!
WHAT'S GOING ON, BRO?
WELL, MOKUBA,
IT APPEARS
THAT THIS MARIK WAS
SOMEHOW ABLE TO
TURN JOEY WHEELER
AGAINST YUGI.
NOW WHEELER
WANTS TO DUEL.
THIS SHOULD BE
INTERESTING TO SAY
THE VERY LEAST.
INTERESTING? BUT WHY?
Kaiba: WELL, IF
WHEELER IS FIGHTING
ON THE SIDE OF
MARIK AND THE RARE
HUNTERS NOW,
HE MAY BE HOLDING
THE THIRD
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
Thinking: AND I
WANT THAT CARD
IN MY DECK,
SO IF IT'S PLAYED,
I WANT TO BE THERE.
Marik: IT'S TIME TO SEIZE
THE POWER THAT SHOULD
HAVE BEEN MINE ALL ALONG!
JOEY, I KNOW
YOU CAN HEAR ME.
YOUR MIND IS
UNDER THE CONTROL
OF MARIK,
AND YOU MUST BREAK
FREE. UNDERSTAND?
THE SAME MARIK
YOU VOWED
TO HELP ME CRUSH.
THINK, JOEY! YOU'VE
GOT TO REMEMBER
YOUR PROMISE TO ME
WHEN YOU GAVE
ME YOUR RED-EYES.
IT'S TRUE! WE'LL WHUP
THIS MARIK CREEP
AND HIS RARE HUNTER
GOON-SQUAD SO HARD
THEY WON'T KNOW
WHAT HIT THEM.
THEY'LL BE SORRY
THAT THEY EVER DECIDED
TO MESS WITH US.
MARIK COULDN'T
DEFEAT ME IN A DUEL,
SO HE DECIDED TO
TURN YOU AGAINST ME
IN ORDER TO WIN
MY PUZZLE AND MY
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
JOEY, I KNOW
YOU'RE IN THERE,
AND I'M GOING
TO SET YOU FREE.
MARIK'S POWER
IS FEEBLE
COMPARED
TO THE STRENGTH
OF OUR FRIENDSHIP.
PLEASE SAY
SOMETHING, JOEY.
JOEY!
YOU'LL NEVER SET HIM FREE
UNLESS YOU FOLLOW ME, YUGI.
JOEY, WAIT!
Thinking: WHAT DO I DO?
FOLLOWING JOEY MAY LEAD
TO ANOTHER ONE OF MARIK'S TRAPS.
BUT IF I DON'T GO,
HOW WILL I EVER RESCUE
JOEY AND TEA?
[DISTORTED VOICE]
YUGI! YOU'D BETTER DO
EXACTLY AS I SAY!
OH, NO! TEA!
THIS MAY COME AS
AN UNPLEASANT SURPRISE,
BUT LIKE
YOUR FRIEND JOEY,
TEA, TOO, IS UNDER
MY CONTROL.
[MARIK CHUCKLES]
SURPRISED?
MARIK, LEAVE HER
ALONE NOW!
SHE'S DONE
NOTHING TO YOU!
LOOKS LIKE I'VE TURNED
YOUR CLOSEST FRIENDS
INTO YOUR
GREATEST ENEMIES.
YOU'RE AT MY MERCY.
TEA!
Tea: WELCOME TO MY VERY
SPECIAL DUELING ARENA.
LOOK AROUND YOU.
SHOULD YOU ACCEPT,
YOU'LL BE BATTLING AGAINST
YOUR BEST FRIEND
IN A DUEL LIKE NONE
YOU'VE EVER EXPERIENCED
FOR THE HIGHEST STAKES
IMAGINABLE.
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S DUEL,
IF IT MEANS
SAVING
MY FRIENDS.
LET'S BEGIN.
WHY DON'T YOU BOTH
TRY THESE ON FOR SIZE?
NOTICE THAT YOU'RE BOTH
SECURELY FASTENED
TO A CHAIN THAT LEADS
TO A LARGE ANCHOR
HANGING ABOVE YOU.
30 SECONDS AFTER A PLAYER'S
LIFE POINTS REACH ZERO,
THE ANCHOR WILL DROP
TO THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA.
THAT'S RIGHT.
NOW LOOK DOWN.
THAT SMALL YELLOW BOX IS
YOUR LIFE POINT COUNTER,
BUT IT ALSO CONTAINS
THE KEY TO YOUR SURVIVAL.
WHEN ONE PLAYER'S
LIFE POINTS REACH ZERO,
THE OTHER PLAYER'S
BOX OPENS,
REVEALING A KEY
THAT UNLOCKS HIS SHACKLES.
REMEMBER, YOU'LL HAVE
30 SECONDS TO FREE YOURSELF
BEFORE THE ANCHOR DROPS.
Yami-Yugi:
SO THE LOSER
OF THIS DUEL
WILL BE DRAGGED
TO THE BOTTOM
OF THE OCEAN
WHILE THE WINNER
FREES HIMSELF AT
THE LAST MINUTE?
THAT'S RIGHT. QUITE
INGENIOUS, ISN'T IT?
[CHUCKLES]
BUT WAIT. IF I
WIN THIS DUEL,
WILL YOU SET
MY FRIENDS FREE FROM
YOUR CONTROL, MARIK?
YOU'LL HAVE TO FISH JOEY
OUT OF THE SEA FIRST.
AND DON'T THINK I
LEFT LITTLE TEA OUT
OF ALL THE FUN.
BUT I'LL GET
TO HER ROLE SHORTLY.
AND JUST IN CASE
YOU HAD ANY PLANS OF
REFUSING TO DUEL,
THINK AGAIN!
IF THERE'S NO WINNER
WITHIN 60 MINUTES,
THE ANCHOR WILL
AUTOMATICALLY DROP,
SENDING BOTH OF YOU
PLUMMETING INTO THE SEA.
[MARIK CHUCKLES]
BUT YOU WILL LOSE, YUGI,
AND BEFORE
THAT ANCHOR DROPS,
I'LL TAKE
YOUR MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
AND YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU'RE NOT GOING
TO GET AWAY WITH
ANY OF THIS, MARIK.
HA! AND, SETO KAIBA...
DON'T THINK YOU'RE MERELY
A SPECTATOR IN ALL THIS.
AS SOON AS I'M THROUGH WITH
LITTLE YUGI AND HIS FRIENDS,
I'M SETTING MY SIGHTS
ON YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD CARD--
OBELISK THE TORMENTOR.
ALL RIGHT,
I'VE HEARD ENOUGH.
THIS DUEL
IS GETTING WAY
OUT OF HAND, SETO.
YOU'VE GOT TO PUT
A STOP TO IT BEFORE
SOMEONE GETS HURT.
PLUS, MARIK MAY TRY
SOMETHING LIKE THIS
ON US NEXT.
AS HEAD OF
THE BATTLE CITY TOURNAMENT,
I DEMAND THAT THIS DUEL
BE STOPPED NOW!
Tea: SORRY, BUT THE DUEL
WILL CONTINUE AS PLANNED.
AND SPEAKING OF PLANS, HERE'S
THE FINAL PIECE OF MY PLOT.
HEY, WHAT'S THAT
ABOVE TEA?
TEA! WHAT IS
THE MEANING
OF THIS, MARIK?
Thinking: I'M AFRAID
THAT ANCHOR WON'T
BE THE ONLY THING
GETTING DROPPED.
[DISTORTED VOICE]
I'VE TAKEN EXTRA MEASURES TO
MAKE SURE NO ONE INTERFERES.
SO DON'T TRY. IF YOU
ATTEMPT TO STOP THIS DUEL,
THE CRATE YOU SEE HANGING
OVER MY HEAD WILL FALL.
YOU WOULDN'T PUT POOR TEA
IN DANGER, WOULD YOU?
MAKE ONE FALSE MOVE
AND I PUSH THE BUTTON,
RELEASING THE CRATE
ABOVE THE GIRL'S HEAD.
I CAN'T STOP
THIS DUEL.
NOW THAT EVERYTHING
SEEMS TO BE IN PLACE
AND EVERYONE IS FAMILIAR
WITH ALL THE RULES,
WHY DON'T WE START THE SHOW?
OH, WAIT. I ALMOST FORGOT.
I WOULDN'T WANT LITTLE TEA
TO MISS ALL THIS.
[MOANING]
TEA!
WHERE AM I?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
HEY, I'M TRAPPED!
NOW, THEN, THERE'S
ONE LAST MATTER.
YUGI, YOUR EGYPTIAN GOD
CARD IS OFF LIMITS.
SO IF YOU WERE PLANNING
ON USING IT AGAINST ME,
YOU'RE OUT OF LUCK.
NOW REMOVE THE CARD
FROM YOUR DECK
SO I MAY CLAIM IT
WHEN I WIN.
AS YOU WISH, MARIK.
I KEEP MY SPECIAL
CARDS IN HERE.
Yami-Yugi, thinking:
I WASN'T GONNA
USE SLIFER ANYWAY.
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
WAIT A SECOND.
I KNOW SOMETHING
THAT MAY BE
ABLE TO HELP.
JOEY'S RED EYES
BLACK DRAGON.
HERE YOU GO, JOEY.
NAH, YUG.
YOU HOLD ONTO IT.
IT ISN'T MINE
TO TAKE, PAL.
BESIDES, THIS MEANS
THAT A PART OF ME
WILL BE A PART
OF YOUR DECK.
ANYWAY, I KNOW IT'S
GONNA COME IN HANDY
FOR YOU SOMEDAY.
THIS RED-EYES MEANT
SO MUCH TO JOEY,
AND HE GAVE IT
TO ME AS A SIGN OF
OUR FRIENDSHIP.
WELL, I'M PUTTING IT
IN MY DECK.
I KNOW THE REAL
JOEY IS IN
THERE SOMEWHERE
AND MAYBE THERE'S
A WAY
I CAN USE
THIS CARD TO SAVE
HIM FROM MARIK.
NOW PLACE SLIFER
ON THE GROUND, YUGI.
SO WHOEVER WINS
WILL RETRIEVE THAT CARD
WHILE THE LOSER
GOES SWIMMING.
[MARIK CHUCKLES]
SOON I'LL POSSESS
SLIFER THE SKY DRAGON
AND YUGI'S PUZZLE.
MY PLAN WON'T FAIL.
Joey, distorted voice:
I THINK IT'S FINALLY TIME
TO BEGIN THIS DUEL.
YUGI VERSUS
JOEY?
Joey, distorted voice:
ARE YOU READY
TO DUEL, YUGI?
I AM. LET'S DO THIS.
PREPARE TO LOSE, FOOL.
IT'S TIME
TO DUEL!
WELL, WE FINALLY
MADE IT, SERENITY.
GREAT.
Tristan: YOU GREW UP
HERE, RIGHT?
I BET IT'S BEEN AGES
SINCE YOU'VE BEEN
BACK, HASN'T IT?
YUP. JOEY AND I USED TO
HANG OUT HERE ALL THE TIME
WHEN WE WERE LITTLE.
IT WAS THE BEST.
I CAN PICTURE
IT SO CLEARLY.
IT'S LIKE JOEY AND I
WERE HERE JUST YESTERDAY.
THAT'S GREAT.
HEY, SPEAKING OF
YOUR BROTHER,
WE SHOULD GO
FIND HIM NOW.
LET'S GO!
Thinking:
IT WOULD BE NICE
IF I HAD A CLUE
WHERE JOEY WAS.
LET ME GIVE
TEA A CALL.
[BEEPING]
THAT'S WEIRD. TEA'S
NOT PICKING UP.
THAT GIRL'S ALWAYS
GOT HER PHONE ON.
I COULDN'T
GET THROUGH.
Thinking: THERE THEY ARE.
YUGI, YOU DRAW
THE FIRST CARD.
IT'S THE BEGINNING
OF THE END FOR YOU.
Thinking: I'VE GOTTA
FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO STOP THIS DUEL.
WHEN THAT ANCHOR
FALLS DOWN,
IT'S TAKING ONE
OR MAYBE BOTH
OF US WITH IT.
WHAT THE PROBLEM, YUGI?
ARE YOU TOO FRIGHTENED
TO PLAY A CARD?
I DON'T THINK SO,
MARIK.
I SUMMON GAZELLE,
THE KING OF
MYTHICAL BEASTS.
[GRUNTS]
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
VERY WELL.
YUGI, SAY GOOD-BYE
TO YOUR GAZELLE,
FOR I PLAY RAIGEKI,
WHICH DESTROYS IT.
AND NOW I SUMMON
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD.
ATTACK HIS
LIFE POINTS DIRECTLY.
[GROWLS]
HA HA! SURRENDER YET,
OR DO YOU WANT MORE?
I HOPE YOU'RE NOT
GOING EASY ON ME
BECAUSE WE'RE
OLD FRIENDS, YUGI.
YOU'LL BE SORRY.
WE'RE NOT
FRIENDS, MARIK.
I PLAY
BIG SHIELD GARDNA
RIGHT NOW
IN DEFENSE
MODE.
SO, YOU THINK THAT'S
ENOUGH TO PROTECT
YOUR LIFE POINTS, YUGI?
SO NAIVE.
I PLAY MY
HINOTAMA MAGIC CARD.
NOW WATCH CLOSELY
AS ITS POWER BLASTS AWAY
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
YUGI!
Yami-Yugi: THAT'S
THE SECOND TIME HE
ATTACKED ME DIRECTLY.
THAT THIRD-RATE
DUELIST WHEELER
NEVER HAD CARDS THAT
POWERFUL IN HIS DECK.
SO HE IS BEING HELPED.
[CHUCKLES]
LOOKS LIKE YUGI'S
STARTING TO PANIC ALREADY
AFTER GETTING A TASTE
OF MY POWERFUL DECK.
ENHANCED WITH CARDS
GATHERED BY MY RARE HUNTERS,
JOEY'S DECK IS
VIRTUALLY UNBEATABLE.
YUGI WILL BE
OUT OF MY WAY SHORTLY,
LEAVING BEHIND HIS PUZZLE
AND HIS EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
PARDON ME, MASTER MARIK,
BUT I'VE JUST LEARNED
THAT JOEY'S SISTER
HAS ARRIVED IN BATTLE CITY.
DID YOU SAY
HIS SISTER?
YES, MASTER.
THIS SISTER OF HIS
MAY PROVE TO BE
AN EXCELLENT PAWN
IN MY GAME, ODION.
BRING THE GIRL
TO ME IMMEDIATELY.
YES.
Marik: EXCELLENT WORK,
MY MIND SLAVE.
I'LL CONTINUE TO USE
MY MILLENNIUM ROD
AGAINST YOUR FORMER FRIEND
UNTIL HIS LIFE POINTS
ARE COMPLETELY WIPED OUT.
I'VE GOT TO FIGURE
A WAY OUT OF THIS.
I'VE ALREADY LOST
HALF MY LIFE POINTS.
AND IF I LOSE
THIS DUEL, THE WHOLE
WORLD IS IN DANGER!
BUT IF I WIN,
MY BEST FRIEND GETS
DRAGGED INTO THE OCEAN!
THERE MUST BE
A SOLUTION!
TIME IS
RUNNING OUT, YUGI.
HE'S RIGHT. IN LESS
THAN AN HOUR,
THAT ANCHOR DROPS
AUTOMATICALLY
AND WE'RE BOTH DOOMED.
COME ON. HEART
OF THE CARDS, GUIDE ME!
IT'S MY MOVE.
I MESSED UP
BIG-TIME.
I SHOULD HAVE
ASKED THE GUYS
WHERE THEY
WANTED TO MEET US
BEFORE I LEFT
TO GO PICK
YOU UP. SORRY.
IT'S FINE. I'M SURE
WE'LL FIND EVERYONE.
I GUESS
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THINK ABOUT IT.
THEY'VE GOTTA BE
IN BATTLE CITY, RIGHT?
SO HOW FAR AWAY
COULD THEY HAVE GONE?
I'M SURE I'LL SEE
MY BIG BRO IN NO TIME.
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
HEY, WHO ARE YOU PUNKS?
AND WHAT DO YOU
WANT FROM US?
TRISTAN, WHAT'S GOING ON?
Tristan:
WHY DON'T YOU KEEP MOVING?
WE DON'T WANT ANY TROUBLE.
Rare Hunter: YOU MAY NOT
WANT ANY TROUBLE.
Second
Rare Hunter:
BUT WE DO.
[HUNTERS LAUGHING
SINISTERLY]
TRISTAN, WHAT'S
HAPPENING? I'M SCARED!
GET ON MY BACK!
OK!
LET'S GO!
DON'T LET THEM
GET AWAY!
HEY! WHAT IN THE WORLD
IS GOING ON HERE?
WHY IS YUGI DUELING
AGAINST JOEY?
IS THIS SOME SORT OF
FREAKY DREAM?
NO, TEA. SOME GUY
NAMED MARIK BRAINWASHED JOEY
AND FORCED HIM INTO A DUEL.
WHY DID HE DO THAT?
MARIK'S TRYING TO GET
HIS EVIL HANDS ON YUGI'S
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD.
SO HE'S FORCING JOEY
TO DUEL FOR IT.
THIS MARIK GUY'S
BEHIND EVERYTHING?
THEN HE MUST BE
THE ONE ISHIZU WARNED US
TO WATCH OUT FOR.
EVERYTHING'S MAKING
SENSE TO ME NOW.
HEY, YOU! STOP
MAKING A FUSS,
WILL YOU?
IF YOU DON'T
KEEP QUIET, KID,
YOU'RE DONE.
SO DON'T
TEST ME.
YOU WOULDN'T DO IT.
YOU DON'T HAVE THE GUTS.
YOU WANNA BET?
LOOK, KAIBA, YOU GOTTA
STOP THIS DUEL RIGHT AWAY
OR THE WHOLE WORLD MAY BE
IN DANGER OF BEING DESTROYED.
DO IT NOW!
WE CAN'T. TOO RISKY.
IF WE TRY TO STOP
THIS DUEL NOW,
WE'LL BE PUTTING TEA
IN DANGER, SETO.
LET'S GO, YUGI.
TIME IS OF THE ESSENCE,
AND STALLING'S
NOT AN OPTION.
YOU KNOW THAT
AS WELL AS I DO.
SO MAKE YOUR MOVE NOW!
Thinking: ALL RIGHT.
TIME TO MAKE A MOVE.
LET'S SEE. HIS
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD HAS
1,500 ATTACK POINTS,
AND I DON'T HAVE
ANYTHING POWERFUL
ENOUGH TO BEAT IT.
BUT I DO HAVE
BIG SHIELD GARDNA,
WHICH HAS ENOUGH
DEFENSE POINTS TO KEEP
ME SAFE FOR NOW.
BUT I STILL NEED
TO FIGURE OUT A WAY
TO WIN THIS DUEL
WITHOUT HURTING JOEY.
THAT TRAP CARD MIGHT
HELP ME FOR NOW
UNTIL I CAN FIGURE
OUT A PLAN.
WELL, HERE GOES.
I PLACE THIS CARD
FACE DOWN,
AND THEN I SHALL
SUMMON MY KURIBOH
IN ATTACK MODE
AND END MY TURN.
[YELLS]
ARE YOU PLAYING
SOME SORT OF A JOKE?
KURIBOH'S WEAK!
IT ONLY HAS 300
ATTACK POINTS.
WHY WOULD
YOU PLAY IT
IN ATTACK MODE
UNLESS YOU'RE
TRYING TO LOSE
THIS DUEL ON
PURPOSE TO SAVE
YOUR FRIEND?
ALL RIGHT.
VERY WELL, THEN.
IF LOSING IS YOUR GOAL,
ALLOW ME TO HELP YOU.
[CHUCKLES]
I WON'T LOSE.
UNDERSTAND?
I'LL DEFEAT YOU
AND FREE JOEY
FROM YOUR CONTROL!
WRONG. I'M AFRAID
THAT THIS TIME
YOU'RE IN OVER
YOUR HEAD, YUGI.
SO NOW, ALLIGATOR'S SWORD,
ATTACK HIS KURIBOH!
[GROWLING]
HOLD IT
RIGHT THERE!
ACTIVATE
FACEDOWN CARD!
IT'S A TRAP!
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD
IS NOW CAUGHT IN MY
SPELLBINDING CIRCLE!
YOUR MONSTER'S POWER
HAS DECREASED,
WHILE MY KURIBOH
IS SAFE AND SOUND.
HE WEAKENED IT,
BUT HE STILL HAS
NOTHING POWERFUL
ENOUGH TO DESTROY IT.
JOEY, DON'T ATTACK!
ALL RIGHT, YUGI.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF
YOUR CHILDISH GAMES.
NOW IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO REGAIN CONTROL
OF THIS DUEL.
READY?
BECAUSE THIS WORKED
SO WELL LAST TIME,
I'LL USE ANOTHER ONE!
HINOTAMA, ATTACK
HIS LIFE POINTS!
[LAUGHING SINISTERLY]
Tea: YUGI! NO!
Thinking: FAREWELL
FOREVER, YUGI!
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAME ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH! ♪